Label	Weight	Text
l_HotelBot	4.272727	i want to book a room for three tomorrow
l_HotelBot	4.272727	this is nothing special
l_HotelBot	4.272727	nothing meaningfull said
l_HotelBot	4.272727	stop doing this
l_HotelBot	4.272727	i want to call you
l_HotelBot	4.272727	cancel
l_HotelBot	4.272727	nice to meet you
l_HotelBot	4.272727	cancel now
l_HotelBot	4.272727	stop
l_HotelBot	4.272727	i want to book a room for myself and my partner next week.
l_HotelBot	4.272727	could i get a room for next week
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	What time can I check in
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	Are dogs allowed in the room
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	What time can I check in
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	Are dogs allowed in the room
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	What time can I check in
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	Are dogs allowed in the room
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	What time can I check in
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	Are dogs allowed in the room
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	What time can I check in
q_HotelBotTest_qna_en_US	4.7	Are dogs allowed in the room
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	mogen we honden meenemen
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	om hoelaat kan ik inchecken
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	mogen we honden meenemen
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	om hoelaat kan ik inchecken
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	mogen we honden meenemen
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	om hoelaat kan ik inchecken
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	mogen we honden meenemen
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	om hoelaat kan ik inchecken
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	mogen we honden meenemen
q_HotelBotTest_qna_nl_BE	4.7	om hoelaat kan ik inchecken
